Please respond thoroughly (at least two sentences for each question) to
the following three questions.

1. Describe an experience you had this semester where you saw the power of
functions.
As of when I am writing this, I have not yet completed the Lesson 13 prove. 
I have poured more than 25 hours into completing it 
and will likely put at least three more in tomorrow before turning it in. 
I hope it will be working by the time I get it done. 
And even though I still cannot get it to go past the first page without crashing
writing this program has taught me the value of functions.
I can use the same code for multiple things, and then when I run into a problem, 
instead of having to sift through for lines of copied and pasted code, 
I just go back to the function and fix it there, then it gets fixed everywhere. 
And while the project I am working on right now, does not use a lot of repeated code, 
I still see where it can quickly become critical to writing good code, 
especially as programs get bigger. 


2. In your judgment, what is the value of test functions?

From the moment I learned about test functions, 
I realized that they are going to be critical tools that enable you to not only write code, 
but to write quality code. I also realized that test functions were going to be something
I could use to set myself apart as a programmer, because in the classroom setting, 
most people are only going to see them as annoying, but in real life, 
when both the code is designed to work with them and the test functions are built properly
test functions can be a life saver in the value they will provide. 
As the lessons continued on after we learned about test functions, 
I initially had problems trying to figure out how and when to include them, 
but as I got towards the end of my Lesson 13 Prove assignment, 
I quickly found that part of my problem was that I was not thinking about testing the code
I was just thinking about writing the code. Once I realized, my whole perspective changed. 
And I think that it will change for the better, 
simply because I finally learned how to write code with the intention of testing it. 


3. Describe your process for troubleshooting and fixing a program that
has a problem. What is one thing you can do to improve your process?

What I have done in the past, 
(namely because I had not learned how to write code with the intention of it being tested)
is that I used the debugger mode 
and carefully combed through the code to see what the problem was and where. 
I will still likely do that, but now that I have a better understanding of test functions
part of my troubleshooting will come as I think about how to write the code in the first place. 
I will write with the intention of testing the code and figuring out how it should best work. 
I will likely still use the debugger simply because I enjoy seeing what happens behind the scenes
I also want to get better at reading code and finding the problems within. 
I expect that will come with time. 

